[CPU] improve numa memory binding (#19666)
sgl-project/sglang: docs/platforms/cpu_server.md

    the system will automatically utilize the first `n` SNCs.
    Note that `n` cannot exceed the total SNC number, doing so will result in an error.

    To support more flexible binding between TP ranks and CPU cores, an environment variable `SGLANG_CPU_OMP_THREADS_BIND` is provided.

>     To explicitly specify which CPU cores should be used, set the set the environment variable `SGLANG_CPU_OMP_THREADS_BIND`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `SGLANG_CPU_OMP_THREADS_BIND` allows explicit control of CPU cores for each tensor parallel (TP) rank.
```
